Hi, Israq21 here,
Today, I will recap a movie called Future World,
Future World is a 2018 American direct-to-video science fiction action Western film.
This film tells about post apocalyptic world,
the robots that have been made are extinct and most people live in the wasteland.
One day, a beautiful android robot with blue green eyes is found that is already rare.
So what can this robot do?
Batten Down the Hatches because we are going in hard.
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story.
At the film's opening, a voice-over girl explains that mankind's technological breakthroughs in the development of artificial intelligence and robotics eventually lead to a global war.
Afterward, the remnants of humanity struggle to survive in a post-apocalyptic wasteland while the surviving machines remain hidden.
And the movie of Future World is, starting.
The film starts in a wasteland,
there is a group of robbers who are about to attack a settlement, these robbers are led by a warlord,
Then the robbers surround the tribal chief, The Warlord manages to kill the tribal chief in the settlement.
It turns out that the settlement contains a high-tech laboratory that used to have sophisticated robots,
so that's why The Warlord comes to that place.
After looking in many places, finally The Warlord finds a beautiful android robot named Ash,
The Warlord activates the robot, her eyes look so beautiful,
one is blue and the other is green.
This robot is controlled using a handheld  remote,
She will do anything if The Warlord speaks in front of the remote.
Then the scene moves to a very fertile place, this place is called Oasis.
There is seen a young boy who is called The Prince.
The Prince is very worried because his mother or the queen is seriously ill.
He receives information that to cure his mother,
he has to go to a place called Paradise Beach.
Because that's the only place that has a lot of rare medicines, one of which is medicine for his mother.
The prince goes to the wasteland with two of his friends to look for a cure which is in Paradise Beach,
because the journey they are about to take is very far,
plus the Prince does not know for sure where the beach is
First They stop at a place called The Love Town,
they want to make sure, Is the paradise beach is real or just an imaginary place?
Inside the bar, they are looking for information, he asks a waitress about the location of Paradise beach.
After That, a Raider comes who realizes that the Prince and his friends are new people.
The Raider tries to stab the prince
Rico, the Prince’s Friend, pulls out a handgun immediately.
The Raider does not believe that it is a real handgun,
because in the present, handguns and bullets are rare items in the wasteland.
Because he doesn't want to believe it, Suddenly the Raider is shot by Rico.
from that incident,the owner of the place who is called Big Daddy,
tries to negotiate with the prince.
He offers to tell The prince where the paradise beach is.
Then He takes the prince and his friends to the back of the place,
He said that the prince will be met with a girl who knows where the beach is,
but the condition is that the prince must meet her alone.
It turns out that the girl is a robot named ash,
the robot also teases the prince,
the prince is tempted until finally the robot takes the prince's handgun,
She shoots Prince’s friends outside.
The prince is held at handgun point and brought to the Warlord, it turns out that this is all a Warlord's trap.
The prince is tortured and forced to talk about where he got these rare items,
because the prince is dying, he speaks honestly that he came from a place called Oasis,
there they have fertile land and objects that are rare in the wasteland.
Now the Warlord makes the prince his prisoner.
After that, they force the prince to show him where he came from.
On the way, very unexpectedly, Ash saves the prince,
she beats the driver and runs away from the Warlord's minions.
Warlord and his minions are chasing Ash and the prince.
Until finally they manage to survive.
The reason Ash helps the prince is that when she looked into the prince's eyes while teasing him that time,
she saw the prince's eyes that were so honest and loving.
It turns out that Ash is damaged during the escape, leaking fluid from a gash in her abdomen,
she is very weak now. But she and the Prince continue their journey until they eventually manage to find shelter that was once a church.
Ash is curious about what it is like to have a soul, so she asks him to be taught how to pray,
but when Ash wants to pray, suddenly she passes out when her systems shut down because she is badly damaged.
The next day, the Prince fashions a stretcher to make it easier for him to carry Ash
Then the prince continues his journey while dragging Ash's body through the wasteland without food and drink until he eventually finds the ocean.
he also equates the ocean with the postcard he had,
it turns out that the place he dreamed of is real.
But unfortunately, There his hopes are shattered when they are taken prisoner again by another group of wastelanders residing in the ruins of the seaside resort.
When he wakes up, the Prince meets Mila, the Drug Lord,
who offers him the cure but at a cost,
She also explains that now the prince is in the city of Drugs or commonly known as Paradise beach.
Mila takes the prince to his medicine room,
where she explains that the medicine he wanted is very rare,
the prince is given a condition that he must join them.
She injects him with a syringe and he passes out after experiencing hallucinations.
On the other hand, Ash is taken to Lei, a mechanic and a prisoner of the Drug Lord, who will repair Ash.
After repairing and injecting energy into Ash's robot, finally She reactivates Ash.
Ash is very grateful to Lei for saving her.
Afterward, Ash is taken before the Drug Lord who fawns over how valuable she is.
Mila also teases Ash so she can help her as much as possible.
Ash is just silent listening to Mila's temptation.
The next day, when the Prince wakes up, he is already in a battle arena.
Mila forces the Prince into a gladiatorial battle with one of her minions saying that if he survives he gets the medicine in her minion's stomach and goes free,
but if the prince loses, he will die.
The battle starts, the prince who is still half conscious is beaten up.
To make the fight more exciting, Mila throws a machete at the Prince.
The prince tries to beat his opponent with the machete, and Fortunately the prince manages to stab and kill his opponent.
The prince cuts open the man's stomach and takes the medicine for his mother.
Afterward, The Prince is free now, He can go back to Oasis so the prince invites Ash to go home together,
but Mila forbids Ash to go, She says that Ash is staying with her.
The prince begs Ash to come with him, but Ash just says, Leave!
in the evening, Lei manages to escape by cutting the chains of her prisoners.
Lei goes to free Ash who is chained up in a cell but her attempt to saw the chains proves futile.
She feels hopeless and Ash tries to comfort her.
Ash accepts her fate to remain a prisoner
Lei says that she really wants to be like Ash because She has no feelings and no worries.
Lei asks Ash, Could you feel this?
then Lei kisses Ash and asks again, Could you feel the kiss?
Lei apologizes for kissing Ash.
but apparently Ash returns the kiss and says that she liked this feeling.
So Ash decides to repay Lei for her kindness,
And she is licking her bottom cave,
They are making love until they feel satisfied.
The next morning, Mila discovers Ash and Lei together,
in a jealous rage, She orders Lei to wipe Ash's memory of the event and reprogram her into a loving companion for herself instead.
Outside, the Prince returns and tries to sneak back into the resort just as the Warlord arrives and attacks the complex.
Then Mila injects over-power painkillers into her body.
In a drug-addled fury, Mila faces off with the Warlord,
she does not feel anything, Until the warlord ends up killing her with the Prince's handgun.
During the distraction, the Prince tries to help Lei and Ash escape, but the warlord sees him,
When Ash wants to fight against Warlord, Suddenly she is controlled using the handheld remote,
so they are all captured.
Outside, The Warlord tries to retake control of Ash with the remote,
ordering her to kill her friends,
When ash is about to kill them, they keep saying it's not you, it's not you, it's not you.
suddenly Ash's eyes changes and Ash kills his men instead.
She stabs the Warlord with a machete and then escapes with Lei and the Prince on a pair of the Raider's motorbikes.
The Warlord is still alive and gives chase,
On the way, Ash tells the Prince to stop.
She turns around alone and throws her wand at Warlord's motorbike,
Warlord falls,
Nice.
Ash also walks like a model,
then punches the Warlord,
wow, it looks like fun to be punched again.
Finally she kills him in one last stand.
All his minions are very sad to see their warlord die.
The three eventually make it back to Oasis where Ash tells the Prince she's leaving to find others like herself that are out there somewhere.
Then they hug, and Ash says, you gave me a soul.
Now Ash and Lei leave the prince
They go to the wasteland.
The Prince returns to his mother and gives her the medicine.
His mother recovers and now they are happy.
In a mid credit post scene,
Ash returns to Love Town and frees the s_x slaves,
who get revenge on Big Daddy by attacking him.
and the movie of Future World 2018 is,
Over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it.
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button.
See you on another video